[DOC]Restructuring (#3890)
pachyderm/pachyderm: doc/concepts/pipeline-concepts/pipeline/cron.md

# Cron Pipeline

Pachyderm triggers pipelines when new changes appear in the input repository.

> However, if a pipeline consumes data from sources outside of Pachyderm,

Reviewer: > However, if a pipeline consumes data from sources outside of Pachyderm,
it cannot use Pachyderm's triggering mechanism to process updates from
those sources. A standard pipeline with a PFS input might not satisfy
the requirements of the following tasks

However, you want to trigger a pipeline based on time instead waiting on the arrival of input data. You can schedule such pipelines to run periodically by using the Pachyderm's built-in `cron` input type.

Common uses of cron inputs include:

it cannot use Pachyderm's triggering mechanism to process updates from
those sources. A standard pipeline with a PFS input might not satisfy
the requirements of the following tasks:

- Scrape websites
- Make API calls
- Query a database
- Retrieve a file from a location accessible through an S3 protocol
or a File Transfer Protocol (FTP).

> You can schedule such pipelines to run periodically by using the Pachyderm's

Reviewer: moved above

built-in `cron` PFS input type.

A minimum cron pipeline must include the following parameters:

| Parameter  | Description  |
| ---------- | ------------ |
| `"name"`   | A descriptive name of the cron pipeline. |
| `"spec"`   | An interval between scheduled cron jobs. You can specify any value that is <br> formatted according to [RFC 3339](https://www.ietf.org/rfc/rfc3339.txt). <br> For example, if you set `*/10 * * * *`, the pipeline runs every ten minutes. |

## Example of a Cron Pipeline

For example, you want to query a database every ten seconds and update your
dataset with the new data every time the pipeline is triggered. The following
pipeline extract illustrates how you can specify this configuration:

```
  "input": {
    "cron": {
      "name": "tick",
      "spec": "@every 10s"
    }
  }
```

When you create this pipeline, Pachyderm creates a new input data repository
that corresponds to the `cron` input. Then, Pachyderm automatically commits
a timestamp file to the `cron` input repository every ten seconds, which
triggers the pipeline.

![alt tag](../../../images/cron1.png)

> The pipeline runs every ten seconds by querying the database and updating its

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The pipeline runs every ten seconds, queries the database and updates its
```

> output. By default, Pachyderm runs the pipeline on the input data that was

Reviewer: > By default, Pachyderm runs the pipeline on the input data that was
added since the last tick and skips the already processed data.
However, if you need to reprocess all the data, you can set the `overwrite`
flag to `true` to overwrite the timestamp file on each tick.
Because the processed data is associated with the old file, its absence indicates
that the data needs to be reprocessed.

This is close to correct, but not quite. I think the simplest option here is actually to refer them to the datums section. So I'd change this to:

" By default, each cron trigger will add new tick file to the cron input repo, accumulating more datums over time. There are some pipelines where this is exactly what you need, but depending on your use case, you may instead want each tick file to overwrite the previous one. You can set the `overwrite`
flag to `true` to overwrite the timestamp file on each tick. To get a better understanding of whether `overwrite` is best suited for your pipeline or not, see the docs on datums (LINK TO DATUMS) and lifecycle of datum (LINK).
